README.md, before:

![App Brewery Banner](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/AppBreweryBanner.png)


# Dicee 🎲

## Our Goal

The objective of this tutorial is to introduce you to the core programming concepts that will form the foundation of most of the apps you’ll build in the future. This app will teach you how to make apps with functionality using setState() inside Stateful Flutter widgets.


## What you will create

We’re going to make a Las Vegas dice app. You can make the die roll at the press of a button. With this app in your pocket, you’ll be able to settle any score on the go!

![Finished App](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/dicee-demo.gif)

## What you will learn

- How to use Flutter stateless widgets to design the user interface.
- How to use Flutter stateful widgets to update the user interface.
- How to change the properties of various widgets.
- How to use onPressed listeners to detect when buttons are pressed.
- How to use setState to mark the widget tree as dirty and requiring update on the next render.
- How to use Expanded to make widgets adapt to screen dimensions.
- Understand and use string interpolation.
- Learn about basic dart programming concepts such as data types and functions.
- Code and use gesture controls.

>This is a companion project to The App Brewery's Complete Flutter Development Bootcamp, check out the full course at [www.appbrewery.co](https://www.appbrewery.co/)

![End Banner](https://github.com/londonappbrewery/Images/blob/master/readme-end-banner.png)

Commit message:

Initial Commit
Added Project folders and files. Updated README. Added source code.

README.md, after:

# Dicee 

## Introduction

Dicee uses the core programming concepts that form the foundation of most of the apps. This app uses stateful Flutter widgets and explores the functionality of setState(). 
It is a Las Vegas dice app. You can make the die roll at the press of a button. With this app in your pocket, you’ll be able to settle any score on the go!

## New Concepts Learned
- Using Flutter stateless widgets to design the user interface.
- Using Flutter stateful widgets to update the user interface.
- Changing the properties of various widgets.
- Using onPressed listeners to detect when buttons are pressed.
- Using setState to mark the widget tree as dirty and requiring update on the next render.
- Using Expanded to make widgets adapt to screen dimensions.
- String interpolation
- Data types and functions.
- Used the Dart math library

## Resources 
Here are some of the resources that can be used for this project: 
- [Expanded widget documentation](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/Expanded-class.html)
- [TextButton widget documentation](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/TextButton-class.html) 
- [DartPad](https://dartpad.dev/?null_safety=true)
- [Math library](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/dart-math/dart-math-library.html)
